After upgrade our core application as
well as Laravel dependency packages,
now let's make some tests to make sure
that our app is still working properly.
Firstly let's head over to our terminal and start up our server.
If your server already running then you need to restart your server.
Head over to our browser.
Then open our application
we didn't see any error
now let's register a new user
All right
new user registered
let's go to mail trap
go to inbox and verify our newly created user
okay
The user has been successfully verified.
Now let's try to create a new question
it's good
Let's test editing the question
delete the question
no error so far.
Let's see the question details
then create new answer
update the answer
and delete the answer.
Favourite this question, unfavourite,
vote up the question,
vote up the answer. OK
so far so good.
Let's log out from application
hit log in then hit forgot your password link.
Enter email and hit send password reset link.
Now let's see our inbox
here
I got reset password e-mail. Hit this button
if we open our application in local host colon eight thousand
You'll get error.
All you have to do is manually add the port here.
Now before we update our password let's go back
to our editor then open auth password reset
blade php
here
let's change this route to password dot
update
Save
Reload the page,
enter new password
and confirm password.
Hit reset  password button.
OK
the password has been reset.
Let's log out one more time
and log in with new password.
Okay great.
We have successfully upgraded our Laravel app to
version five point eight and everything is still running
properly.
All right
let's go back to our terminal, kill the server
here
let's commit all changes to our git repo git add all, git comit
-m upgrade to Laravel five point eight.
Then let's switch to master branch git
checkout master
We can merge our master branch to Laravel five point eight git merge laravel dash v
Five point eight.
Last
let's push our branches to Github: git push origin master,
git push origin laravel dash v
five point eight.